README.rst, before:

.. image:: docs/logo/logo.png
   :width: 800
   :align: center

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dsptoolbox/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://dsptoolbox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/dsptoolbox?color=gr
    :target: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/dsptoolbox
    :target: https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/
    :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/dsptoolbox?color=orange
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/dsptoolbox/
    :alt: PyPI version

Readme
======

This is a toolbox in form of a python package that contains algorithms to be used in dsp (digital signal processing) projects.

This project is under active development and it will take some time until it reaches a certain level of maturity. Beware that backwards compatibility is not an actual concern and important changes to the API might come in the future. If you find some implementations interesting or useful, please feel free to use it for your projects and expand or change
functionalities.

Getting Started
===============

Check out the `examples`_ for some basic examples of the dsptoolbox package
and refer to the `documentation`_ for the complete description of classes and methods.

Installation
============

Use pip to install dsptoolbox

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dsptoolbox

(Requires Python 3.10 or higher)

.. _documentation: http://dsptoolbox.readthedocs.io/
.. _examples: https://github.com/nico-franco-gomez/dsptoolbox/tree/main/examples

Commit message:

bug fixes and additions
Added
~~~~~~
- the method for finding room modes now includes the ``prune_antimodes`` parameter which checks for modes that are dips in the room impulse response and leaves these out
- filter class can now plot magnitude directly with zero_phase filtering
- ``activity_detector`` added in standard module
- ``spectral_average`` in transfer_functions module
- ``generate_synthetic_rir`` in room_acoustics module

Bugfix
~~~~~~
- start of impulse responses for multibandsignals is now done for each signal separately since filtering could lead to different group delays in each band
- assertion that ``start_stop_hz`` is ``None`` when standard method is selected in ``transfer_functions.spectral_deconvolve()``
- _biquad_coefficients can now take strings as eq_type
- refactored part of filtering function in Linkwitz-Riley filter bank such that no unnecessary loops are used

Misc
~~~~~
- turned off warning if time_data_imaginary is called and happens to be None
- corrected or extended docstrings
- moved linear and minimum phase system generation from special to transfer_functions module

README.rst, after:

.. image:: docs/logo/logo.png
   :width: 800
   :align: center

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/dsptoolbox/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://dsptoolbox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/dsptoolbox?color=gr
    :target: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/dsptoolbox
    :target: https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/
    :alt: Python version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/dsptoolbox?color=orange
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/dsptoolbox/
    :alt: PyPI version

Readme
======

This is a toolbox in form of a python package that contains algorithms to be used in dsp (digital signal processing) projects.

This project is under active development and it will take some time until it reaches a certain level of maturity. Beware that backwards compatibility is not an actual concern and important changes to the API might come in the future. If you find some implementations interesting or useful, please feel free to use it for your projects and expand or change
functionalities.

Getting Started
===============

Check out the `examples`_ for some basic examples of the dsptoolbox package
and refer to the `documentation`_ for the complete description of classes and functions.

Installation
============

Use pip to install dsptoolbox

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dsptoolbox

(Requires Python 3.10 or higher)

In order to install the package successfully using Linux, you need to install
PortAudio manually, since installing `sounddevice`_ will not do it automatically. To do this,
run the following commands on your console:

.. code-block:: console

    $ sudo apt-get install libasound-dev libportaudio2 libsndfile1

If this does not work properly for some reason, refer to the documentation for
`sounddevice`_ or `PortAudio`_.

.. _documentation: http://dsptoolbox.readthedocs.io/
.. _examples: https://github.com/nico-franco-gomez/dsptoolbox/tree/main/examples
.. _sounddevice: https://python-sounddevice.readthedocs.io/en/0.4.5/
.. _PortAudio: http://www.portaudio.com
